Farm produce distributors can arrive by boat in many districts outside the city.
Tempera paintings can last well for at least two thousand years.
"Oil paint can be almost as smooth as glass, or lumpy, bumpy or streaky."
All tarantulas can make silk.
Inhalation can lead to death by asphyxiation.
Women entrepreneurs can start a business providing a payphone service in rural areas of Bangladesh.
Relations can be transitive.
Relations can be symmetric.
Relations can be reflexive.
Many medical conditions can cause psychiatric symptoms.
Beagles can have coats of different colors.
Research shows that sign language can help children's learning ability to grow.
Students can choose to go to a school in another district if the parents agree to pay the school .
People speaking the same language can have different accents.
Players can make stuff and print it out.
"People can collect coins that are old, rare, beautiful or just interesting."
Acids can react with bases.
Chromates can cause cancer.
Hydrochloric acid can cause bad burns.
People can talk online in a party.
Scientists believe they can run up to .
Bullfrogs can adapt and live almost anywhere if there is water nearby.
Bullfrogs can live up to four years.
"Bullfrogs can host many viruses, bacteria and parasites."
Bullfrogs can decrease the mosquito population.
Bullfrogs can reach a length of .
Bullfrogs can weigh up to .
Adults can help decrease the mosquito population by eating most of their larvae.
Females can fertilize their eggs in two ways.
Walruses can change colour depending on how warm they are.
"Meetings can be also on formal times, where businessmen come together to discuss."
"Computers can become obsolete quickly, depending on what programs the user runs."
Light can go long distances in a fiber.
Many bleaches can kill bacteria easily.
Mineralogists can help find important minerals in the Earth using what they know and learn.
Aphids can travel far in the air.
Presocial animals can live together and take care of their young.
Goods can be absolute or relative.
Words can have one or more syllables.
Conjunctions can help the words in a sentence flow together very well.
"Birds can move by flapping their wings, or they can stay in the same place."
Most people can create a blog and then write on that blog.
Blogs can have one or more writers.
Students there can get one of six bachelor degrees or two master degrees.
People can stop on or off at any floor they like.
"Exams can be of state, local or university level."
Graduates can study for a masters or doctorate.
Historical chronology can deal with history or with the geological history of the earth.
"Amendments can remove words, add words, or change words from motions."
Players can share songs between the two games.
"Mosquitoes are flies that bite people and can carry diseases, such as malaria."
Fireflies are a kind of beetle that can make light.
"Blacksmiths can cover the hot metal with sand, so that it takes hours to become cold."
Late frosts can damage the flowers.
Wolves can run very fast and far.
Ferrets can have a lot of different colours and markings on their fur.
Nurses can do many different jobs to help people.
Visitors can see many different types of animals.
Pieces can alternate between tempos.
"Palm computers can store contacts, addresses, notes, and many other things."
"Investors can take their profit and invest it in more businesses, or in making the business bigger."
"Some teeth can be very small, at unusual angles, or even missing."
Wild yaks can be black or brown.
"Transformers can transform into different things like cars, planes, guns, and animals."
"Rational numbers are all real numbers, and can be positive or negative."
Cluster headaches can have different symptoms.
Severe hypoglycemia is very dangerous and can cause death.
"Alternative metal is like regular heavy music, but it can be more experimental."
Arches can go over doorways and windows.
People can eat the stem and roots.
Some women can achieve breast orgasms.
"Abortion can happen spontaneously, because there is a problem with the baby or the mother."
Alcoholic drinks can be dangerous.
"All alcohols are toxic, but ethanol is less toxic because the human body can break it down quickly."
Many alkaloids can be  from basic substances by acid-base extraction.
Statins can cause damage to muscle cells.
"Maps have different sizes, objectives, and weapons that players can have."
Pediatricians can be primary care doctors or they can be specialists.
Immunization can happen from vaccination.
People can take medicine when they are in a place where there is malaria.
Testicles also make sperm which can join with ova to make new life.
Stubs can hold a place that a bigger article can go in.
Stewards can give sysop right on projects where there are no local bureaucrate.
Ulcers can be on surfaces of the body.
Ulcers can be from infection with germs.
Ulcers can be from pressure on a part of the skin.
Ulcers can be from cancer.
Ulcers can be from diseases of blood vessels.
"Calcium ions are important to cells, but too many calcium ions can be bad."
Abnormal behaviors can be adaptive or maladaptive.
Maladaptive abnormalities can cause suffering and social discomfort.
"Administrators can use other parameters to fine-tune batch operations, etc."
Some motorcycles have a sidecar that can carry another passenger.
Injury can be 'accidental' or 'intentional'.
Vomiting can be a symptom of disease.
Pain can be 'acute' or 'chronic'.
Scientists can use a penetrometer to measure how much moisture is in soil.
"Complications of abortions can be infection, bleeding, pain."
Some clocks can give the date as well as the time and a few give other information.
Shamans can talk to spirits.
Inactive bureaucrats can cause irritation and confusion.
Liver disease can make someone very sick because of all the important work the liver does.
Custom can be so deeply entrenched in the society at large that it gains the force of law.
People can have mild renal failure and have no symptoms.
Conception can mean how someone understands an idea.
"Chloroform is very poisonous, and can cause breathing problems, and problems with the heart."
People can separate their own ideas and opinions from the observations they make.
"Tunnels can go down as far as , and can extend laterally as much as ."
Helpers are people who can help solve disputes.
Some museums have things that visitors can do.
"Museums can be about different things such as art, national history, natural history, or science."
Epidemics are when a disease spreads from person to person faster than doctors can control.
Dolphins can hear a sound underwater.
Some people can roll their tongue into a tube.
Players can bet more than the minimum.
Flutes can give microtonal music by using special fingering.
Older males can get even bigger.
People can listen to sound with headphone and can record sound with a microphone.
Many people use headsets at the computer so they can converse and type easily.
Control can change the parameter of the field or the variable.
"Some goddesses can change how they look, so they have two or three different images."
"Newborns can be premature infants, post-mature infants and full term newborns."
People sometimes bring water from wet places to hot deserts so plants can grow.
Computers can make what appear to be random numbers.
Many situations can cause static electricity.
Wrestlers can be over as either faces or heels.
Newborn calves can run with the herd within minutes of their birth.
Pugs can get overweight.
Some newer systems can use a wireless connection to the computer.
"Animators can work in many areas including movies, television, video games, and the internet."
People can see what they want to see.
"Silicon chips can contain computer processors, memory and special devices."
Civil wars can be just as destructive and damaging as normal wars between two different countries.
Civil wars can linger on for many years.
Sister cities can share students and business contacts.
Rapists can be both male or female.
"Singers can sing as a solo, or in a group or a choir."
Spiders have small hairs on their legs that they can hear with.
Donkeys can have hybrid children with a common horse.
Crocodiles can lie very still for up to one hour.
Saltwater crocodiles can go a long time without eating.
Serial numbers can be very useful for quality control.
People can cut level sides into the side of hills to create a place to grow crops.
"Many different things can affect the direction of movement,  content and temperature of air masses."
Some snakes can go as long as six months without a good meal.
Most units can attack other units.
Strength is how much damage the unit can do to another unit.
Chameleons have long sticky tongues that they can fire out in a fraction of a second.
Weight loss can happen when a person has esophageal candidiasis for a long time.
Sufferers can use caffeine or sleeping pills as a way of treatment.
Obelisks can have interior spaces.
Lines can bend in a curve.
Leaves can have different shapes.
Coconut crabs can climb trees.
New users can report vandals too.
Renewable energy can be particularly suitable for developing countries.
Wet dreams can begin after a boy goes through puberty.
Migraines can last a long time.
People can protect themselves against mosquitoes and limit the number of bites they get.
Oppressive governments can lead to a rebellion.
Software can be very problematic.
Skeletons can be inside the body or outside the body.
Planetary nebulae are very special objects because they can help make more stars.
Unsafe abortions can be very dangerous to the mother.
People can close it early if they disagree with it.
Users can inform network administrators of the attacking computers for corrective actions.
Some stories can be in two or more genres at the same time.
Players roll two dice to find out how far their pieces can move in one turn.
"Illustrations can be in the form of a drawing, painting, photograph or other work of art."
"People can pool their money to buy something, or make a bet."
Pigs can have more than one type of flu at the same time.
Pigs can carry human influenza viruses.
"Classicism can apply to painting, sculpture, architecture, music, dance, literature or philosophy."
Filters can be cheap or expensive.
"Players can steal and drive many types of cars, boats, helicopters and motorcycles."
Players can explore and choose how they want to play the game.
People can become psychologically addicted to the drug.
Rats can carry diseases.
Some fish can sense patterns of electrical current in the water.
Big hailstones can hurt and even kill small animals.
"Concrete floors hold heat very well, but can take a long time to absorb the heat."
"Conflict of interest can be personal, religious, political, academic, financial, and legal."
Professional librarians can help research library sources.
Members can buy items for their penguins.
Electricity can travel through a wire.
Psychiatrists can prescribe psychiatric medication.
"People can survive quite a while without food, but without something to drink they die very quickly."
Global operators can do things to all users on the network.
Players can look at a map to see where they are at.
Insomnia can mean a problem with getting to sleep or a problem with staying asleep.
"Leaves can be very big, over  in length."
People can live longer without food than without water.
"Nightmares are common, but nightmares that happen very often can cause problems with sleep."
People often wait for ten years before they can get a ticket.
"Malamutes can be family pets, but are very active."
Mercury can cause both chronic and acute poisoning.
Fluoride ions can be in toothpaste.
Visitors can see the big cats in the night.
Empty boxes can make sounds louder.
"Students study the ocean and can go sailing, rowing, canoeing, and kayaking."
"Balloon loops can be useful for passenger trains, and 'unit' freight trains, such as coal trains."
Diarrhea can occur in humans as well as most other mammals.
Climates can change after a long time.
Race conditions can be difficult to find.
"Cadmium oxide can be brown, red, or white."
Ethernet can go at different speeds.
Players can fight alone or team up with someone else against a friend.
Players can bet other players or the casino.
"Many grasses are short, but some grasses, like bamboo can grow very tall."
Short eruptions can end in less than a day.
Longer ones can take several days to months.
Fine ash can deposit over large areas.
Instinctive behaviours can be variable and responsive to the environment.
Organisms have two ways they can get behaviours.
"Manganese compounds can be black, brown, pink, red, green, blue, and purple."
Manganese dust can irritate lungs.
Administrators can block users for many reasons.
Some brown recluses can go for five seasons with no food or water.
Players can choose between three levels.
Magnetic poles can flip flop from north to south and back again.
Members can place on-line memorials for family and friends for no cost.
Users can edit the memorials.
"Any administrator can undo another admin, when there is consensus to do so."
Smileys can change depending on where the person typing the smiley is.
Good pilots can travel long distances by always finding rising air.
Players can choose one-player or multiplayer games.
"Acid rain can have harmful effects on plants, animals, and on humans."
All users can send and receive tweets using the Twitter website.
People can use software from other companies to access Twitter.
Big earthquakes can take down buildings and cause death and injury.
"Landslides can happen, too."
"Snow is very polite and kind, but can be hyperactive and strange at times."
Land can have different types of soil.
Transition metals can form more than one simple cation with different charges.
Shrubs can be either deciduous or evergreen.
Hallucinations can affect all of a person's senses.
Pit bulls are very strong and can pull many times their weight.
Reverberation can cause echoes.
Nonformal education can be in small classes or through self study.
Euphoria can be a symptom of some mental illnesses.
Euphoria can be a symptom of hyperthyroidism.
"Genetic mutations change the primary DNA sequence, and mutations can happen in any cell."
"Players can be people, companies, armies, dogs or other things."
Guitars can vary both in the number of strings they have.
Some tree roots can destroy stones.
Nudibranches can protect themselves from the hydroids and their nematocysts.
Constipation can occur by eating hard food such as cheese or meat.
Many people can speak both French and English.
Swallows can build an almost perfectly round nest out of mud.
Blue jays can learn to  human speech.
Diffusion usually happens in a gas although it can happen in a liquid.
Fosterage can describe many different arrangements according to the society they belong to.
"Vesicles can fuse with the plasma membrane, and release their contents outside the cell."
Fever can lead to bad dreams.
Poor sleep can be a side effect of some medications.
"Iron compounds can be black, brown, yellow, green, or purple."
Thick earmuffs can keep our ears warm in cold weather.
"Seeds can survive much longer than spores, sometimes for hundreds of years."
Tardigrades can survive more than ten years without water.
"Campuses can have libraries, lecture halls, and parks."
"Chitons can be less than an inch long, or up to a foot long."
Rifles can work in different ways.
Exhibitions can be about anything.
Most people can use either hand for many things.
Tornadoes can happen in nearly any part of the world.
Work can be like both economics and politics.
Users can chat with one another or build structures and areas from a selection of objects.
Grebes can have long or short bills.
Mangrove trees can help make islands.
More light can pass through.
"Some viruses can live in an open place for a short time, in some cases, only a few hours."
Disasters can destroy homes and many kinds of work.
Fishing lures can come in many different types such as a jig or a popper.
Fruit can grow to be larger than  in diameter.
Poison gases can kill or injure a person if present in a high enough concentration.
Ammonia can cause corrosive burns.
Many bands have six or more members so they can play many different instruments at the same time.
Barbed wire can be use for lots of things.
"Many dachshunds are strong-headed or stubborn, and that means they can be hard to train."
Troops can be as small as a few baboons or as big as several hundred members.
Chess engines are computer systems that can play chess games against human opponents.
Some octopuses can use their chromatophores for more than camouflage.
People can push trolleys.
Children can feed and pet the animals.
"Some types of clouds form over land, and waves can bounce off of a shore and travel out to sea."
"Nickel compounds can be green, blue, gray, or black."
Nickel can irritate skin.
Loudspeaker measurements can use white noise for measuring loudspeakers frequency response.
Cougars can see better at night than people can.
Occasional storms can produce very heavy rainfall.
"Disputes can last a long time, and they can have serious results."
Any disk can fail.
Bedbugs are mainly active at night and can feed without people noticing.
Some people can become peer mentors to help younger people.
People have special cells in the nose that can detect some chemicals.
Scientists can learn things from supernova explosions.
"Most users can block, delete, and protect correctly."
Anemia can come from kidney failure or from chemotherapy to fix cancer.
Campers can bring their own tents or hire a tent on the island.
Competition can be 'before' or 'after' sexual intercourse.
More agile characters can do more actions per turn.
"Guns can be as small as pistols, or as large as gatling guns."
Computer vision learns how computers can find things in pictures.
Users get a user page and can keep track of television shows.
"Fighters can carry many different kinds of weapons, including missiles, machine guns, and bombs."
Red light has the longest wavelength that human eyes can see.
Many experts question tactical voting in that it can undermine a democratic outcome.
"Wildlife management can include game keeping, wildlife conservation and pest control."
"Techniques can include reforestation, pest control, irrigation, coppicing and hedge laying."
Children can share any personal information they want online.
Rituals can mark a passage or a change.
Sign languages can develop from the same source.
Sign languages can be similar to each other.
Sign languages can influence each other.
Marches can be slow marches or quick marches.
Potassium chlorate is a strong oxidizing agent and can catch many things on fire.
"Some events can cause the anus to appear darker, such as aging and defecation."
Muscular atrophy can cause serious problems in a person's life.
Many metals can dissolve in mercury.
Diesel engines can use much higher boost pressures than gasoline powered engines.
"Refrigerants can be a liquid or a vapor, depending on their temperature and pressure."
Potassium iodide can reduce potassium permanganate to potassium manganate.
Blue tits are very agile and can hang from almost anywhere.
Silver compounds can stain skin.
Silver compounds can irritate skin.
Bromide ions can be toxic in large amounts.
"Potassium ions can burn, similar to salt when someone eats too much."
New typos can appear as unexpected keystrokes in the diff-listing.
"Users can follow other users, or choose to make their tumblelog private."
"People trying to write articles can face opposition, or get help, from many different people."
Eye relief can be particularly important for eyeglass wearers.
Peroxide can be a reducing agent or an oxidizing agent.
"Barium carbonate can dissolve in stomach acid, so it is toxic."
Chlorine dioxide can explode easily.
Chlorine dioxide can explode easily.
"Winters are cool, but sometimes can get very cold."
Selenium dioxide can dissolve in water to make toxic selenium compounds.
Wrought iron has a rough surface that can hold paint and zinc for galvanization much more easily.
Tellurium trioxide can come in two forms.
People can ask the expert system a question.
Low frequencies can send the signal farther.
Smart phones can send and receive data much faster than older phones.
Regular users can specify their email in their profile.
People can avoid the yo-yo effect by changing their diet.
Players can go online with the console.
Butter can be a semisolid when it is warm.
Many chemicals can be a hazard.
Mazes can be on paper.
Critical errors can lead to error avalanches also.
Chlorine dioxide can react with bromide when in sunlight to make bromate.
"Regurgitation can be very important to some animals, such as birds for example."
Iodic acid is a white solid that can dissolve in water to make an acidic solution.
Zones are the places where buildings can develop.
"Conservation laws can come in two types, global, or local."
Players can get coins for launching rockets.
Sewage is mostly water but it also has many microbes some of which can be harmful.
Few organisms can survive in such highly saline conditions as salt evaporation ponds.
Listening stations offers students CDs that they can listen to improve their listening.
Students can research books and materials easily by using computers.
"Students can eat foods,and some dessert."
Light can have a lot of energy and is able to break chemical bonds.
People playing fantasy football can trade players from one team to another.
"Some bacteria can use arsenate instead of phosphate, though."
Brecciated marble can have a marvellous appearance.
"Cadmium oxide can be a colorless powder, brown powder, or red-brown crystals."
Players can choose one of four skill levels to play.
Erosion can cause problems that affect humans.
"Soil erosion can remove soil, leaving a thin layer or rocky soil behind."
Water moving downhill can carry away pieces of rock and soil.
Ice erosion is one of the strongest kinds of erosion because glaciers can move very large rocks.
"Muskmelons can have a very good taste or a very bad one, depending on each fruit."
Protest songs can come from just about any type of music.
Summers can be warm and dry for a long time.
Weak thunderstorms can produce lightning that starts a fire.
"Expansion packs can add characters, worlds, weapons, or scenarios."
Tardigrades can survive more than ten years without water.
Fish can swim slowly for many hours using red muscle fibres.
"Tendons can get bigger with time, though it is a very slow process."
Narrative poems can be short or long.
Turkey is one of the countries in the world that can make enough food to feed itself.
"Avenues usually have the same speed limits as roads, but they can be higher."
"Guests can see muntjacs, spoonbills, ducks, wallabies and giant anteaters, among others."
Some repetitive behaviors can cause damage.
"Bursts can last from milliseconds to several minutes, although a typical burst lasts a few seconds."
Students can take classes outside of California and online.
Pepper can irritate the intestines.
Many tree frogs can change their colour for better camouflage.
Zip drives can transmit data to the computer in various ways.
Harmony can be atonal.
Players can do the multiplayer mode online or locally.
Players can play different game modes in a variety of maps.
Redwood trees can grow to be very large.
"Fraternities are primarily for men, but less often, a fraternity can be for both men and women."
Few animals can survive the attack of an angry gorilla.
Psychosis can affect people to different levels.
Poisons can bleach and kill corals.
Interference can be either constructive or destructive.
More scans can take place each second.
Smaller molecules can pass through a pore and then pass through another one.
Most people here concentrate on how to find a new discussion they can join.
Some percussion instruments can play tunes.
Babies can get it as well as adults.
Disputes can escalate into conflicts.
"People can listen, learn, and see the other point of view."
Particles can carry fundamental forces.
Most people recover fully but death can occur in the elderly.
"Wrasses can put their jaws forwards, usually with separate jaw teeth that jut outwards."
Isopods can grow up to half an inch.
"Hot wings can vary in how hot they are, from being mild to very spicy."
People can be 'notable' if they meet any of the following guidelines.
Parasites can be most useful in sorting out the phylogenetic relationships of their hosts.
Light can move an electron up to an excited state that occupies a higher orbital.
Heat can cause the double bonds to form a ring.
Dyotropic reactions can be a useful step in making large and complicated molecules.
"Some torts can harm other things, like someone's reputation or a business."
Chamber music can be any group of instruments from two up to about eight or nine.
"Circumcision can be a religious ritual, or a custom in certain tribes, or a medical practice."
Extra chemicals can take the place some of the fuel.
People can have what they like on their talk page and remove messages when read.
Pupils can attend the school there up to the fourth grade.
Learners can choose a book that they like and to read it quickly or slowly.
Fishmongers can be wholesalers or retailers.
Sensitive individuals can have long-term health effects.
"Band gaps can be either direct or indirect, depending on the electronic band structure."
"Categories only contain actual pages, whereas lists can contain red links."
Few organisms can survive such harsh conditions.
Marine algae can provide shelter for such organisms as nudibranchs and hermit crabs.
Solar radiation can be both good and bad for a person's health.
Users can send money using their credit cards or bank accounts to other users.
"People inhaling it can develop headaches, but also seizures."
Snails can absorb mineral nutrients through their foot by simply sitting on a rock containing it.
Plants can and do react to damage.
"Evergreen softwoods grow faster than deciduous hardwoods, and can grow to a larger size."
Starships are large and can carry from hundreds to over a thousand crew members.
Several factors can end a support order for a child under the age of majority.
"Marine forces are usually part of the navy, but they can be part of the army or act on their own."
"Fighters can use any martial art, or combination of arts, they like in the fight."
People can use it for exercise and fun.
Panic disorder is a serious condition that can happen at any age.
Sols can change into viscosity quickly if they are thixotropic.
"Aggression takes a variety of forms among humans and can be physical, mental, or verbal."
Teenagers can hold jobs as well as go to school.
Players can ride their rides and rollercoasters for the first time.
Players can make various things from weapons to whole ships.
Flash floods can make terrible mud slides and can move very quickly.
Parents can sign on their children to art school.
People can visit the interior of the cathedral during worship.
Computers can be part of several different networks.
Nuclear meltdowns can kill people from radiation poisoning.
Ozone can kill many types of germs.
"Many people marry endogamously for reasons of compatibility, which can be due to choice."
"Light curves can be periodic, that is they repeat in a regular pattern."
"Water adheres weakly to wax and strongly to itself, so water clusters into drops."
Mathematical models can take many forms.
Mathematical models can include logical models.
"Force is a vector, so it can be stronger or weaker and it can also point in different directions."
Some systems can use it to provide a remote console.
People can eat pumpkins.
People can eat and cook pumpkin seeds.
Teachers can use it to evaluate and strengthen students' visual literacy.
Students can use it to develop a background for three-dimensional and cultural differences globally.
Travel times can be much longer at peak times due to traffic congestion.
Piers can hold a lot of aircraft and are simple to design.
Airplanes can find their altitude by using air pressure.
Doctors can treat catatonia.
Solids can be mixtures also.
Chess engines are computer systems that can play chess games against human opponents.
Antibiotics can help a person with strep throat.
Rickey asks how a person so beautiful can be so sad.
"Adults can be very aggressive, but the younger tend to be more aggressive."
Mortars can fire from a trench or defilade.
Mortars can fire many different bombs.
"Users can join common interest pages, event management, and upload photos and videos."
"All gases can flow, like liquids."
Gas can crate pressure itself when there is a lot of it.
Light waves can move through space.
"Pirates can join a crew, which in turn joins a flag."
Tardigrades can survive for almost a decade without exposure to water.
Advanced pianists can practice scales in octaves.
Droughts are common and can be very long.
Power plants make power so the city can have electricity.
Zones are the only places where buildings can develop.
Some lakes are big enough that they can stay full through rain instead of inflows.
Cockles can use their foot to leap from danger.
"Corners can rush the passer, intercept balls, tackle, and deflect passes."
"Linebackers can appear in different formations, or looks."
"Paper can absorb liquids such as water, so people can clean things with paper."
Power can mean electrical power.
"Males can grow to nearly five and a half metres tall, and females to nearly five metres tall."
Carpets can be many different sizes.
Sock puppets can have very distant different usernames far from the orginial user and username.
"Small molecules can pass through it, so the shell allows gas exchange for the growing embryo."
Septicemic plague can cause the blood to form small clots through the body.
Bad weather can hurt people and their property.
"Designation can be at a ,  or  level."
Hummingbirds can see wavelengths into the near-ultraviolet.
Platypuses can be big or small.
Adults can be less than  or up to .
Many famous musicians have a large repertoire of pieces that they can play from memory.
Bosses can have many different job titles.
Lupus can be deadly.
"Lupus causes swelling and tissue damage, and can attack any part of the body."
Melancholics can be creative in artistic areas such as poetry and music.
Larger species can eat small vertebrates.
People can travel on it for nearly the whole length in the summer months.
"Movies can make profits in the hundreds of millions, be they dollars, euro or pounds."
Samosa can be vegetarian or non-vegetarian.
Maintenance can rely on templates to keep organisation.
People can hear the singers and orchestra even in the most far away seats.
"Photosynthesis can happen in different ways, but there are some parts that are common."
Emergencies can make communications difficult.
Psychiatrists spend many years learning how medications can help the brain work better.
Participant observers can live with the group for months or many years.
"Ethnocentrism can look at things like language, custom, religion and behavior."
Advertising can bring new customers and more sales for the business.
Poor adverts can damage sales or spoil a brands identity.
Filter feeders can help clear water.
Mutations can happen for several reasons.
Symptoms can include acting as though one is in a daze.
Visual art can help make the gameplay of a video game more appealing to a player.
Common toads can live for many years.
Good relationships can make life very happy.
"Animals can change their hair so they look bigger, or more threatening."
Players can go online with opponents worldwide.
"Groundhogs can make their homes under trees, around buildings and in open fields."
"Nobody can buy a computer keyboard for Vietnam, in Vietnam."
"Metals are good conductors of heat, so water can freeze faster than in a plastic ice tray."
Visitors can reach the top of the Space Needle by using elevators.
Some tourists wait in hour-long lines so that they can go to the top of the tower.
Sexual selection can be a kind of evolutionary arms race.
Individuals can leave a historical legacy.
Dogs can serve people in many ways.
Permafrost can be thousands of feet thick.
Plant roots can use it for their growth.
Huge icebreakers work to keep a path open so ships can reach the port.
True toads have poison parotoid glands that can paralyze or even kill dogs.
Some animals can see light polarization.
"Exercises can be an important part of physical therapy, weight loss, or sports performance."
Books can have multiple authors or illustrators.
Overland travel can be dangerous.
L are the games the left player can move to.
R are the games the right player can move to.
Venison can be kosher.
Web browsers can use the information to choose an appropriate font.
Children can outgrow their allergies.
"Skin tests can confirm penicillin allergies, but there are no skin tests for other medications."
Abdominal migraines can cause other symptoms along with bad pain in the abdomen.
Abdominal migraines can cause many different symptoms.
"Hypertension can lead to diseases such as heart attack, stroke, and kidney disease."
Most birds can fly.
Migratory birds can have two springs and two mating seasons in a year.
"Many birds take turns sitting on the eggs, so that each adult can feed."
People can use it to plan phone calls or Internet meetings.
Influence can be a bad thing too.
Tourists can get a hands-on experience at various tourist facilities and historic sites in the city.
Pests can be harmful to people in different ways.
Public transport is good because it is easy to use so anybody can go on it.
Scholars rocks can be any color.
Scholars rocks can weigh hundreds of pounds or less than one pound.
"People usually write or print using black ink, but ink can be any color."
Vasoconstriction can happen for different reasons including because of a medical problem.
Women can wear a short dress or even a business suit if they like.
Australian parliaments can be very noisy and often members behave badly.
People can enjoy a balloon flight if they pay.
"Sigma bonds can involve s, p, d or f orbitals."
Light can go around the earth three times in one second.
Gulls can eat most types of food but like meat more than anything else.
World music can be anything from a short song to a long Indian raga.
Some individuals can reach excessive lengths.
Cushions can come in many different shapes and sizes.
"Pockets can be on pants, shirts, skirts, or dresses."
Corporations make up buzzwords so that they can advertise stuff better.
"Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars."
Players can buy items by going into an item shop.
Players can hold one item at a time.
"Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars."
Players can switch colors with the L and R buttons.
Disability bullying can become a type of hate crime or hate speech.
Phenol can do electrophilic aromatic substitution reactions very well.
"Any gas can condensate, usually at a low temperatures or high pressure."
Cold air can push hot air up because hot air is less dense.
Substitution reactions can be of many different types.
Many nannies can begin their employment in their late teens.
Visitor can see a lot of wildlife.
Short articles can grow larger over time.
Microfossils can provide important information about the ecology in the past.
Harnesses can be in leather or in biothane with stainless or chrome.
"Physical symptoms can include changes in appetite, low energy, feeling tired, and trouble sleeping."
"Users can visit other pinboards, 're-pin' images to their own pinboards, or 'like' photos."
Solar storms can cause geomagnetic storms which sometimes have serious affects on the Earth.
"Some people say there are eight types, as domed mountains can be a plutonic dome or a tectonic dome."
Processor designs can be different in other ways.
Different instructions can have different lengths.
"Players can make a duck, bear, mouse, rabbit, dog, cat, horse, pig, or monkey."
"Domestic animals can breed with native, wild animals."
Players can play on foot or in a vehicle.
Rocks often fall and there can be landslides.
"Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars."
Buildings can qualify for four levels of certification.
"Training can consolidate muscle endurance, cardio endurance and increase flexibility."
"Human hair can be brown, red, blonde or most commonly black."
"Music can be loud, fast, quiet, slow or many different styles."
Faith can bring people together because they all believe in the same thing.
Guide skiers can see.
Light can pass through transparent things the most easily.
People wear glasses that make it so player can see anything.
Rivers overflowing can destroy houses and drown people.
"Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars."
"Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars."
"Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars."
Light can travel inside the core and bounce off of the cladding.
Blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum.
People can play portable video games anywhere.
"Trolls are tall and can have large tusks, ranging from blue to green skin, with very colorful hair."
"Blood Elves are of medium height and very thin, ranging in color from brown to pink to white."
"Hunters can tame many kinds of pets including spiders, bears, worms, wasps, and many more."
Attack aircraft can be fighter airplanes or helicopters.
Stress can be physical or mental.
Water scarcity can be the result of both human and natural causes.
"Acrylic paint can give a much brighter, more vivid colour than oil paints."
"Snow can also be dangerous, as it can lower visibility and make driving very difficult."
Transistor radios can be cheap and small and some use very little electric power.
"Exchanges rates can change for many different reasons, for example the inflation rate of a country."
Death Valley can be very hot or very cold.
Some players also can record music or other sounds to cassette.
Moulds can vary greatly in size.
People can be satisfied with their achievements.
Users can use fast app switching by opening the multitasking bar.
Some fingernails can grow into the skin.
Most malls also have roofs so people can shop inside.
Users can create logos.
Gases can dissolve in liquids.
Former policemen can continue to keep their weapons.
Players can chat with each other during a game.
Players can form words either diagonally or horizontally.
Ableism can be intentional or unintentional.
"Monster movies can fit in the horror, fantasy, or science fiction genres."
"Parking lots can be dangerous, especially at night."
Skiers can use more than one guide during a race type.
Contestants can choose to double as often as they want during a bout.
Dry thunderstorms are dangerous because they can cause dust storms and wildfires.
Players can join clubs that are of different places around the world.
Strip clubs can be a source of debates in a community.
Different people can have different thoughts about the rate of behavior that is okay.
Tangible reinforcers can be expensive.
Social reinforcement can be very effective.
Differential reinforcement is a way that people can learn to make correct responses over time.
Punishment is effective but it can have bad consequences.
Behavior analysts can get an idea of how often the behavior occurs with interval recording.
Traumatic stress can cause powerful impulses that a person can no longer repress.
People can rent bikes or ride a short rail to look around the island.
Visitors can walk or use small shuttle buses to cross the causeway.
Players can hire neutral heroes from there.
Transposition can create significant mutations and alter the cell's genome size.
"Transposons can carry accessory genes, such as antibiotic resistance genes."
"Players can add mountains, lakes, rivers and canyons to their landscape."
"Cold waves can cause death and injury for animals, people and livestock."
"Movements can be quite short, or extremely long."
Players can choose to play mini-games freely in the main menu.
Information can be material.
Lines can get their names from any two points on the line.
"Chins can be larger or smaller, depending on the person."
Plants use solar energy as food so they can grow.
"Acids can have different 'strengths', some are more reactive than others."
Acids can have a lot of different properties depending on their molecular structure.
Acids can burn the skin.
"Most links are blue, but they can be any color."
"Blood can pool under the scar, and raise it to the surface of the skin."
"Many places have a public library, where anybody can join if they live in the area."
"Academic libraries can have many books, sometimes more than a million."
Men can ejaculate during sexual intercourse or by masturbation.
Most neural networks can tolerate if one or more of the processing cells fail.
"Amnesia can be permanent, or it can be temporary."
Scientists can create it by combining plutonium with neutrons at very high speeds and temperatures.
Hinges can be very large or very small.
Shingles can be very painful and itchy.
Dirty cantaloupes can spread bacteria.
"Systems can be real things, like a car's engine."
Scientists can work faster using a slide rule than using a logarithm table.
Meerkats also have ears that can open and close.
Meerkats can have one to seven babies at one time.
Female meerkats can have up to three litters in one year.
Some raw meat can make humans sick.
Kinship can be a complex system of social groups.
"Demand can vary by season, time of day, etc."
Scientists can classify minerals into groups on the basis of their chemical makeup.
"Silver compounds can be brown, black, yellow, gray, or colorless."
"People can report having a lot of alters, or just a couple."
Tourists can experience how the building sways on a windy day.
Some beetles can lay thousands of eggs during their lives.
"Many species are omnivores, they eat anything they can find."
Airliners can fly over mountains and bad weather.
Iodised salt can prevent goiter.
Some animals also can use music.
People can enjoy music by listening to it.
People can learn to play an instrument.
People can buy many things there as well.
Ionizing radiation can be electromagnetic radiation or subatomic particles.
Some radiation can go through the human body and other objects.
Grains contain carbohydrates that people can eat.
"Tobacco smoke can hurt the mouth, throat, and lungs."
Every article has a talk page where people can talk about the news in the article.
Drugs can have many different effects on a person's health.
People can walk over the ship to look at it.
Libertarians think people can take care of the poor without the government.
Some species can roll up into a ball when in danger.
Architecture can be about small designs such as a garage or large designs such as a whole city.
"People can learn morals from religion, parents, friends, school, or reading a book."
Doctors can find some types of disease by measuring gamma rays which come from a patient afterward.
Uneven torque can change the speed of rotation.
"Humans can be infertile, but animals and plants can too."
Cancer can affect anybody at any age.
Classical music can be for instruments or for the voice.
Ghost lights can be close to ground or in the sky.
"Pulmonary hypertension is a serious disease, and it can be fatal."
Abalones can start to give birth at a small size.
Some tropical crustaceans can break the dorsum of a cowry shell.
Some cephalopods can adjust their body shape to move through the water more easily.
Most people can sing notes which cover more than an octave.
Natural pigments can come from just about anything.
Some text editors can edit 'rich text'.
"Users can reverse their mistakes, or quickly repeat their actions."
Gymnasts can compete with other gymnasts to see who can do their tricks are better.
Yields can be different because of inflation.
Pieces can start anywhere on the keyboard.
Bryozoans can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
"Ants are usually small, but can carry the weight of twenty ants."
Most ant species have a system in which only the queen and breeding females can mate.
Pathogens are organism microbes that can cause disease.
Firewalls can provide a secure connection between two networks.
"People can cross the bridge by car, walking or by train."
"Any media can be open content, from text and pictures to video and sound."
"Red dwarfs can live trillions of years, much longer than brighter stars."
Anchovies can concentrate domoic acid which causes amnesic shellfish poisoning.
Hornets can alert the whole nest.
Some naiads even have a long lower jaw that can shoot out and grab prey.
"Wind can move land, especially in deserts."
High winds can cause damage depending on how strong they are.
"Stimulus can include feelings like heat, cold, and pain."
People can enter the plaza through nine different arches.
"Some art is useful in a practical sense, such as a sculptured clay bowl that one can put things in."
Alcohol abuse can be mild or heavy.
Stressors can produce profound health consequences.
More information can go here.
More information can go here.
Political parties can be against the law in some places.
Fire Salamanders can have a very long life.
Players can attack another player with a creature or deal direct damage with a spell.
"Players can play in tournaments, and there are even professional Magic players."
Clubs can have logos.
"Buildings can shelter people, or animals, or machinery, or anything."
"People can climb from one floor to the next by a staircase, or perhaps by a lift or elevator."
"Big buildings require much work to make, thus can symbolise power."
"Buildings can be beautiful or ugly, exciting or boring."
Architecture can be an art form.
Fire can burn most string very fast.
Salamanders can drop their tail to escape predators.
Nerve agents are poisons that can kill by damaging the nervous system.
Frogs can live on land and in fresh water.
Gophers can collect large hoards.
Some myrmecophiles make food that the ants can eat.
"Models can be all shapes and sizes, both men and women."
"People can find a synagogue and many Christian churches, too."
Driftwood can become the foundation for sand dunes.
Acceleration can be positive or negative.
"Symptoms usually end after seven to ten days, but can last up to three weeks."
"Tea can have other herbs, spices, or fruit flavours in it, like lemon."
Physiologists can study how organs of an organism work together to make things happen.
Teams can change pitchers during a game.
Pitchers can end up with a lot of injuries.
Toilets can be another problem.
Submarines can hide under the water.
"Nuclear weapons are very powerful, and one nuclear weapon can destroy a city."
"Indigenous people can grow up believing that they are lower social class, or less important."
Players can train their skills by doing different actions.
Reading can be something that someone does by themself or they can read aloud.
Liquids can pass through the paper.
Pigments can change the dull grey colour.
Modern voltmeters can work in both currents.
Stars can be billions of years old.
Businesses can be big or small.
"Condoms are a form of birth control, they can prevent a pregnancy."
Essays can have all sorts of purposes.
Some ferns can grow large in  moist places.
Aquifers can occur at various depths.
Users can upload any photo to their website.
Anthrax is a disease which can kill people.
People can eat lotus roots and seeds.
Sound intensities can be very different.
Human beings can hear audible sound.
Humans can do bad things and good things.
"Most meters can measure volts, amps, and resistance."
Some insects can open and close the spiracles to keep water out.
People can audition to sing in a choir.
Dancers can audition for dancing companies.
Electrical devices can be very simple.
Regions can be geographically distinct habitats like mountain vs. flatland.
Floras can mean plant life of an historic era as in 'fossil flora'.
Personal unions can begin for very different reasons.
Anabolic steroids can have very bad effects on the human body.
Dragons can look like dinosaurs and other extinct animals.
Dust can hang in the air for years.
"Some cockatiels can repeat words, but most just whistle."
Someone can find out how strong or weak an alkali is by adding universal indicator to it.
People can cross the bridge in cars or motorcycles any time.
Software engineering can be very difficult work.
Scientists can work in different areas of science.
Parking garages can be dangerous for drivers and their passengers.
"Point guards can be small, but they have to be very fast and possess good ball-handling."
"Spiritualists believe that spirits can talk with people, or change things in the world."
"Players can make places, clothes, and other things."
"Federal law helps to describe what the court can do, and how it works."
Access points can serve a varying number of computers.
Many bumps form one continuous spiral that can include information.
Intrusions are one of the two ways igneous rock can form.
Guns can have many different sizes of barrels.
"Noise pollution can cause ear problems or even permanent deafness, especially to older people."
Curtains can come in many different colors and different types of fabric.
Fluid mechanics can be mathematically complex.
Students can take the exams in England or in schools in many other countries.
All caterpillars can make silk.
Rainbows are popular symbols that can mean peace and harmony.
Rain also can make a chemical change in some rocks.
Magpies can see themselves in a mirror and they understand that it is a reflection.
Otters are long and slim animals with four short legs that can be longer than a meter.
"Players can pick between four space ships, each with a different weapon, to blast other enemy ships."
Some chapters have special rules in the game and types of soldier that only they can use.
Trees can vary very much.
People can damage trees also.
Men can get a 'vasectomy'.
Women can get 'tubal' surgeries.
Sexuality can make friendships harder.
Sexual desire can cause people to lie and cheat so they can try and get sex.
Electrogenic fish have a special organ that can generate electricity.
"Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars."
Astronomers can use telescopes to look at very distant galaxies.
Swimming is an activity that can be both useful and recreational.
Radio signals can start engines moving so that gates open on their own from a distance.
Players can purchase bell bottom blue jeans instead of street property.
Most digital cameras can serve as Video cameras.
Skype clients can become supernodes.
Genetic drift can be important in small populations.
People can attend university to get a degree.
Aspect can combine with present or past tense.
Bottles can be many different sizes.
Some computers can start from a flash drive.
Ostriches can live without drinking for several days.
Ostriches can tolerate a wide range of temperatures.
Dead fish can attract sharks.
"Discussion can help people understand things better, or gives people a chance to tell their views."
Different characters can get different endings.
Many machines can be very dangerous.
Visibility can be poor on foggy days.
"Some words have more than one meaning, for example 'spring' can refer to the season, or the object."
"Iguanas have excellent vision and can see long distances, shapes, shadows, color and movement."
All web browsers can go to websites but each browser has good things and bad things about it.
Tourism can bring damage to the local area.
Anchors can be more suitable for inter-article linking than section titles are.
"Psychedelic music can happen in almost every kind of music, even classical Western art music."
Frozen rain can be ice or snow if conditions permit.
Wants can be for the same things as needs.
War can hurt people on both sides.
Major characters can die at any time.
Psychological disorders can contribute to vampiric behavior.
Zinc oxide can dissolve in strong bases.
Zinc compounds can be corrosive in the stomach.
Aeroplanes flying over ordinary towns can see roads that look like a spider's web.
Carbohydrates can be 'simple carbohydrates' or 'complex carbohydrates'.
Sugar can be different colours.
Players can pick which characters they want.
Parodies can be anything from songs to poems to books to movies.
"People can use the trail to walk, jog, and ride bikes or horses."
"Tricycles can have pedals, an electric motor, or a petrol engine."
"Users can type messages for others to see, and reply to other user's messages."
"Conflicts can either be within one person, or they can involve several people or groups."
